Drink this cup of tea
How about being my woman tonight?
Why don't you agree?
Nope.
I just feel it's too sudden, it's suddenly good
Suddenly it's a surprise. Why?
Don't you want my surprise?
i
I need you to know
How many women are waiting in line for my favor
I want to experience the love of a legendary man like me
I can see you
That's a blessing you've earned over several lifetimes
I do love adults, and I swear I won't marry until adults
And also an adult
Saved my life from terrorists
I would definitely like to marry an adult
But I still think it's a little too fast
Sure, you're pure
It's my type.
Come on, let's have a drink!
Ok, thank you, Lord Jade Emperor
Mr. Yi Huang
Have you eaten yet?
Or I'll cook for you.
Okay, no, no, I'll eat you later
Ah, eat? What do I mean?
You'll see in a minute.
Shall we have another drink?
Drinking again is good for your health
Drink more
I feel so hot, so hot
It's hot
Do you particularly want to be with yourself now?
Like man
Feel the taste of love
or
You want me?
I feel
I love you so much
Ok, I love you.
Let me love you well
Impersonating the emperor dies